"Blessed is the mother who gives birth to a brewer." – Czech Saying
"A fine beer may be judged with only one sip, but it’s better to be thoroughly sure." – Czech Proverb
"The mouth of a perfectly happy man is filled with beer." – Egyptian proverb
"Wine is but single broth, ale is meat, drink, and cloth." – English Proverb
"Do not cease to drink beer, to eat, to intoxicate thyself, to make love, and to celebrate the good days." – Ancient Egyptian Credo
"He was a wise man who invented beer." – Plato
"Beer . . . a high and mighty liquor." — Julius Caesar
"Give me a woman who loves beer and I will conquer the world." – Kaiser Wilhelm
"Many battles have been fought and won by soldiers nourished on beer." – Frederick the Great
"Beer is proof that God loves us and wants us to be happy." – Benjamin Franklin
"I am a firm believer in the people. If given the truth, they can be depended upon to meet any national crisis. The great point is to bring them the real facts, and beer." ― Abraham Lincoln
"Most people hate the taste of beer to begin with. It is, however, a prejudice." – Winston Churchill
"Beer, if drunk in moderation, softens the temper, cheers the spirit and promotes health." – Thomas Jefferson
"I’ve only been in love with a beer bottle and a mirror." – Sid Vicious
"You can’t be a real country unless you have a beer and an airline—it helps if you have some kind of a football team, or some nuclear weapons, but at the very least you need a beer." — Frank Zappa
"Beauty is in the eye of the beer holder." – Kinky Friedman
"In a study, scientists report that drinking beer can be good for the liver. I’m sorry, did I say scientists’ I meant Irish people." – Tina Fey
"24 hours in a day, 24 beers in a case. Coincidence?" – Stephen Wright
"A man who lies about beer makes enemies." ― Stephen King
"Without question, the greatest invention in the history of mankind is beer. Oh, I grant you that the wheel was also a fine invention, but the wheel does not go nearly as well with pizza." – Dave Barry
"For a quart of Ale is a meal for a King." – William Shakespeare
"Beer’s intellectual. What a shame so many idiots drink it." – Ray Bradbury
"There is no such thing as a bad beer. It’s that some taste better than others." – Bill Carter
"Not all chemicals are bad. Without chemicals such as hydrogen and oxygen, for example, there would be no way to make water, a vital ingredient in beer." — Dave Barry
"Beer makes you feel the way you ought to feel without beer." – Henry Lawson
"Prohibition makes you want to cry into your beer and denies you the beer to cry into." – Don Marquis
"Beer may not solve your problems, but neither will water or milk." – John Wayne
"Milk is for babies. When you grow up you have to drink beer." – Arnold Schwarzenegger
"All right, brain, I don’t like you and you don’t like me – so let’s just do this and I’ll get back to killing you with beer." – Homer Simpson
"Alcohol, the cause and solution to all of life’s problems." – Homer Simpson
"Bart, a woman is like beer. They look good, they smell good, and you’d step over your own mother just to get one!" – Homer Simpson
"I’ve figured out an alternative to giving up my beer. Basically, we become a family of traveling acrobats." – Homer Simpson
"Now son, you don’t want to drink beer. That’s for Daddies, and kids with fake IDs." – Homer Simpson
"Beer: So much more than just a breakfast drink." – Homer Simpson
"I would kill everyone in this room for a drop of sweet beer." – Homer Simpson
"Beer… Now there’s a temporary solution." – Homer Simpson
"Apu I need a keg and a six pack to hold me until I tap the keg." – Homer Simpson
"Homer no function beer well without." – Homer Simpson